Expand "Testing" section in contributing guide (#633)
pypa/twine: docs/contributing.rst

when you make changes, you can easily see their effect.

We use `tox`_ to run tests, check code style, and build the documentation.

> To install ``tox`` in your active virtual environment, run:

Author: Following up on https://github.com/pypa/twine/pull/633/files#r429546104 and https://github.com/pypa/twine/pull/633/files#r429551908:

Except for the typo, I'm inclined to leave this instruction as-is for now, since we resolved the issue @deveshks was having. This section seems sufficient a new contributor who only has Python 3 installed to set up a complete development environment for Twine.

Testing
^^^^^^^

We use `pytest`_ for writing and running tests.

To run the tests in your virtual environment, run:

.. code-block:: console

  tox -e py

To pass options to ``pytest``, e.g. the name of a test, run:

.. code-block:: console

  tox -e py -- tests/test_upload.py::test_exception_for_http_status

You can also set the ``PYTEST_ADDOPTS`` environment variable to use the same
options on every test run. For example, to skip integration tests and turn
off the coverage report, run:

.. code-block:: console

>   export PYTEST_ADDOPTS=-k "not integration" --cov-report=

Reviewer: I tried this command locally on my mac in a virtualenv, and it didn't work.

```
$ export PYTEST_ADDOPTS=-k "not integration" --cov-report=
-bash: export: `not integration': not a valid identifier
-bash: export: `--cov-report=': not a valid identifier
```

Author: Good catch, @deveshks. Fixed in https://github.com/pypa/twine/pull/633/commits/e9fce0f17f266f3e4417d68d8ae7d1933582659b.

I will address questions about the use of `PYTEST_ADDOPTS` in one of the other comment threads.

Reviewer: > Good catch, @deveshks. Fixed in [e9fce0f](https://github.com/pypa/twine/commit/e9fce0f17f266f3e4417d68d8ae7d1933582659b).

Cool, the export works now.

> I will address questions about the use of `PYTEST_ADDOPTS` in one of the other comment threads.

Thanks, I am also interest in knowing how to use `PYTEST_ADDOPTS` with tox.

Twine is continuously tested against Python 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8 using `Travis`_.
To run the tests against a specific version, e.g. Python 3.6, you will need it

> installed on your machine. Then, run:

Reviewer: I have python3.6 installed locally, but then I ran this command in my virtualenv which has python3.8, but it failed.

```
(.env) $ python --version
Python 3.8.2
(.env) DeveshSinghMac:twine devesh$ tox -e py36
GLOB sdist-make: /Users/devesh/twine/setup.py
py36 create: /Users/devesh/twine/.tox/py36
ERROR: InterpreterNotFound: python3.6
_________________________________________________________________ summary _________________________________________________________________
ERROR:  py36: InterpreterNotFound: python3.6
```

Did I miss something here?

Reviewer 2: Why are you running tox from a virtualenv?

.. code-block:: console

  tox -e py36

To run the tests against all supported Python versions, check code style,

> and build the documentation, run:

Reviewer: If I run `tox` inside a virtualenv, how can it test all supported python versions? 

I have python3.6, python3.7 and python3.8 installed on my MAC via pyenv, and when I ran `tox` within my virtualenv with python3.8, the tests for python3.6 and python3.7 failed with `ERROR: InterpreterNotFound:`. Am I missing something here?

Reviewer 2: Nothing above suggests running tox from within a virtualenv. What made you think that was necessary?

Reviewer: I was under the assumption that since we are using a virtualenv for development, we should be installing tox inside it and running. Is that an incorrect assumption?

Also on looking further,  I do see suggestion in the [twine contributing docs](https://twine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html)  to run `tox` inside a virtualenv.

Quoting the docs:

In the Getting started section: `We use tox to run tests, check code style, and build the documentation. To install tox in your active your virtual environment, run:` (There is a typo here as well)

In the Building the documentation section: `Activate your virtual environment, then, in the root directory, run: tox -e docs`

Reviewer 2: > To install tox in your active your virtual environment, run:

Yeah, we should rephrase that to:

```
If you prefer to have tox installed in a virtual environment, run:
```

Because while tox _can_ sometimes work just fine from within a virtualenv, doing so with that + pyenv (or asdf, or something else) will not work properly unless you're an expert with both virtualenv and the version manager of your choice. (This is in no small part due also to how those version managers choose to manage "active" or "available" versions - which is not useful for developing something against multiple versions of Python.)

Reviewer: > This is in no small part due also to how those version managers choose to manage "active" or "available" versions - which is not useful for developing something against multiple versions of Python.

So what would you suggest using to develop against multiple versions of python. I currently have to switch python versions via `pyenv global <version>` and use that to create a new virtualenv, everytime I need to switch to another python version.

Author: @deveshks `tox` is the correct tool run the tests against multiple Python versions. I think you could avoid the `ERROR: InterpreterNotFound` by using `pyenv local` in the `twine` directory, e.g.:

```
$ pyenv local 3.6.10 3.7.3 3.8.2

$ cat .python-version 
3.6.10
3.7.3
3.8.2

$ pyenv which python3
/Users/brian/.pyenv/versions/3.6.10/bin/python3

$ pyenv which python3.6
/Users/brian/.pyenv/versions/3.6.10/bin/python3.6

$ pyenv which python3.7
/Users/brian/.pyenv/versions/3.7.3/bin/python3.7

$ pyenv which python3.8
/Users/brian/.pyenv/versions/3.8.2/bin/python3.8
```

Reviewer: Thanks for that. I can run `tox` now in my virtualenv, and it tests all python versions (3.6, 3.7 and 3.8) as well.

Author: > Yeah, we should rephrase that to:
> 
> ```
> If you prefer to have tox installed in a virtual environment, run:
> ```

This remains a point of confusion for me. I see some projects recommending this (even including `tox` in their requirements), while others treat it as a generally-available command-line tool, independent of a particular virtual environment. I lean towards the latter, in which case the instructions would be something like `python3 -m pip install --user tox` and/or `pipx install tox` (which is what I use; see [pipx docs](https://pipxproject.github.io/pipx/)).

Testing
^^^^^^^

> We use `pytest`_ for writing and running tests.

Reviewer 3: I try to use imperative voice instead of first-person plural.

```suggestion
Twine uses `pytest`_ for writing and running tests.
```

Author: I was wondering about that; I saw `we` used in a few other spots, so I normalized on that, but I'm happy to switch them all.

Reviewer 3: I see that voice was previously used and probably could be retained for the purposes of this change.

Author: Leaving as-is for now.

> We use `pytest`_ for writing and running tests.

Reviewer 3: I feel like these docs, while they might help a new user, are largely general-purpose guidance. If it were me, to avoid having to keep these docs up-to-date, I'd direct users to a common place to learn about `tox` and `pytest` and maybe link to the places in the twine code where non-default behaviors are defined. More docs means more maintenance, so I aim to provide basic directions ("run tox") and leave it an an exercise for the user to follow the link to tox to learn how to install and use it. That said, there's nothing objectionable here.

Author: @jaraco I definitely didn't want to duplicate information from the official docs from the tools, but rather call out the places where twine has non-default behaviors that streamline testing workflow.

A middle-ground that might be more maintainable would be move to move some these examples to comments in `tox.ini`, but I feel like I don't see that done very often.
